What happened to Jaehun
in the past?
If I don't try and find out
and just accept what he shows me,
no matter if he's tender to me
or confining me,
maybe he and I
will stay as master and pet
forever.
What I want
is more than that.
[Kang Soohyung]
Soohyung.
I'm sorry for calling you out of the blue.
There's something I'd like to ask.
When are you
free?
I want to meet you in person.
You're here?
Have a seat.
No need.
It's okay.
Speaking of,
Jaehun allows you to go out?
I sneaked out.
I made this cocktail.
Want to try?
No.
It's okay. I can't drink.
You're really cute.
How did you meet Jaehun?
Or...
are you looking for a new boyfriend?
Stop joking.
I came because I was worried about him.
Okay.
Let's get down to business then.
What do you want to know?
About his past.
Jaehun?
We've known each other since we were kids.
Actually,
he used to be more interesting than now.
He became boring when he grew up.
But
recently,
I kind of see the old him coming back.
Are you talking about
the domestic violence
you mentioned previously?
It was
terrible.
His father was really violent
towards his mother and him.
His mother wanted to escape,
but she was trapped because of her son.
Kids who grow up domestically abused—
they grow up to become
one of the extremes.
They either become extremely fearful
or extremely violent.
In the end,
they become another abuser.
It's just like alcohol glasses.
No matter which glass you pour
your drink into, it tastes the same.
Jaehun
is the latter.
He has the same blood
as his father after all.
Subconsciously, he learned that
only by being immensely strong
can he control violence and fear.
Because he couldn't
fight against his father,
he moved this desire
onto other things:
his career
and
on the bed.
That's also why he's always changing
his bed partner.
He's scared of getting used to something.
He can only gain adrenaline
through dominating a new person.
That's what he needs.
You're the 10th art student
Secretary Lee hired.
Then...
everything he did to me was...
Not everything.
From what I could see,
he treats you differently.
It seems that you really like him.
You're feeling sorry for him?
But Haejun,
it's dangerous to save someone
who has a black hole in their heart.
You might be sucked in too.
How about
having a try with me?
You'll know when you have a comparison.
I can be way gentler than him.
No, thanks.
Jaehun's probably going to worry about me.
I have to go.
I'm just kidding.
Why are you so nervous?
Say hello to him for me.
Hello, Ms. Kim.
I've got to the bottom of everything.
He'll break up with Jaehun.
Just wait.
You're going
to marry Han Jaehun after all.
Han Jaehun.
What kind of person
will your next lover be?
Where have you been?
I just
went out for a walk to find inspiration.
Is there a need...
to go to a bar while on a walk?
You're tracking my location?
Since when?
Did you install something on my phone?
Why?
Can't I?
I told you from the beginning—
everything about you belongs to me.
No matter where you go,
you have to let me know it all.
What are you doing?
My homework.
Ta-da.
How do you know I like bananas?
Bananas?
You said
when you see someone eating a banana,
your heart flutters.
You said that.
I don't remember that.
We're a couple.
Shouldn't we trust each other?
It seems that
I've been too nice to you.
I thought you already knew.
You still don't understand?
Why do you think
you can have your own secrets?
Are you...
hiding something from me?
Haejun.
Be good.
I've never fallen in love
with anyone like this.
Be good.
Haejun, where should I hang this?
Kim Haejun!
What's going on?
Why did you come up?
I'm in class.
You've been
ignoring me lately.
No, I'm in class.
[What's that sound?]
[I heard it too...]
[Oh my, what's...]
[Who is it?]
[What's going on?]
[They must be crazy.]
Don't look at the screen.
Just look at me.
Okay?
Now,
you can only look at me.
Got it?
Not now.
Student Kim Haejun.
Listen to your teacher.
Or I'm going to deduct points.
I said no!
You say no, but your body is so honest.
Since it's so honest,
I should reward you.
Should I turn on the camera
and show everyone what you're like now?
You don't want to?
Okay.
Haejun.
What's going on over there?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
My puppy bit me just now.
Puppy?
When did I become your puppy?
All right.
That's all for today's class.
That's it.
No one will disturb us now.
I shall start my lesson.
Answer me.
What you're learning today is
when I need you,
you must come immediately,
understand?
Who must come immediately?
Me.
Good.
Jaehun.
Did you see my phone?
Why are you looking for it?
Why are there so many other people
you care about other than me?
You can find your class schedules
using your laptop.
As for other things,
I've already taught you in the afternoon.
Use this from now on.
There's no need for you to contact anyone
but me.
What's the meaning of this?
I'll be safekeeping your phone.
Those unrelated contacts you have
and various information you get—
they will only affect your focus.
You just need to focus on your study
and get used to being with me.
I'm enough for you.
You've gone too far.
I have my own life.
I have friends and professors.
You can't interfere
with my life like this.
Haven't I given you enough?
What more do you need?
I've given you a house,
a phone,
and the room too.
What else do you need?
You just have to
stay by my side.
Do you understand?
Who is this?
A friend.
There's someone I don't know?
Haejun.
Think about it.
About who you should stay with
and who you should be with.
Hmm?
Reflect.
Otherwise,
from now on,
you can't leave this room.
Do you understand?
Jaehun.
What are you doing?
This is illegal!
Don't you understand?
You can only stay in this room.
The outside world is tiring
and noisy.
It's so nice here.
It's a comfortable house,
with paintings,
and chandeliers.
Don't you want to stay here
and live with me?
You're being controlling.
Controlling?
Jaehun, no.
Kim Haejun.
Have you forgotten who is your master?
Since when is the person controlling you
not me, but someone else?
You're turning me down?
Have you forgotten how we
ended up in a relationship like this?
Have you forgotten our first meeting?
Let me teach you again.
It's okay.
Jaehun, no.
This is right.
That's right.
You are
completely in my hands.
How do you feel?
Still want to look for Soyu?
Are you treating me like a pet?
Pet?
That's a good idea.
You should act like a pet then.
Right, Haejun?
This is a warning.
Stay in your place.
What are you looking at?
Birds.
It can fly wherever it wants.
It can leave anytime.
Are you jealous?
Not all birds can do that.
Besides,
you are a canary
I am caging.
I baked this in the morning.
Eat it.
Is it good?
Jaehun.
Yes?
When did you become like this?
It wasn't like this at first.
I was always like this.
I've never changed.
Aren't you too naive?
You only see what you want to see.
This is the real me.
I'll be late tonight.
There's no food at home.
I need to go grocery shopping.
You eat so much.
Wait for me at home.
Got it?
My baby.
Be good.
Where is the key?
Did he take it?
People haven't heard from me for two days,
they must be worried.
He went too far this time.
Found it!
I got to find my phone too though.
Is this
a photo from his childhood?
It's the same bear.
Is this his childhood toy too?
They look exactly the same.
I told you, right?
To not to walk around.
[Tide of Love 2]